Jan 2015

The application:

Your name

Email
We can't promise we'll get back to everyone, especially with so many filters and so much noise, but we'll try

Your phone
Just in case...

Best place to see the portfolio of your work
Github, website or other place to see the projects you've worked on

Your skills
What are you better at than just about anyone else?

What excites you?
Up to 350 words, please!

Where are you located now?
I work with a ton of freelancers and virtual folks, but this job is full time and near NYC

What is something "surprising or amusing" that inspires you to do better work?
List an app or a site that excites you

Your tools and compass...
What are the books or resources you use to stay on track and getter better at what you do?

-------------------------

https://careers.stackoverflow.com/jobs/78652/senior-and-only-software-engineer-seth-godin

Senior (and only) Software Engineer
Seth Godin Hastings-on-Hudson, NY

Did Gertrude Stein know how to type? I have no idea, and I'm not sure it mattered.

But today, software runs the universe, and change, real change, the change of culture, of business, of how we live--it's being driven not just by words, but by software.

If you've done the hard work to become a master of the craft of software, I'm hoping you'll spend a minute to consider this job (or, even better, to consider a path along these lines).

I'm talking about someone who truly understands the full range of what a software professional does--system architecture, the discipline of coding for scale, the ability to talk cogently and passionately about what can be built and what can be maintained. All that plus a passion for mocking things up, mvp hacks and the ability to work on things that might not work...

It's tempting to embrace the free lunch/foosball/ping-pong/lava lamp/big-campus mindset of joining a large team. For some people, that's perfect. I'm looking for someone who wants to do precisely the opposite (except for the free lunch part).

Over the last thirty years, I've launched hundreds of projects, and many of them have involved the software of the day. As I prepare to dive into a new round of business/social/cultural projects, I need one or two exceptional programmers who want to take things from launch to large scale. In fact, I'm insisting on people who can't imagine any other way to put their skills to work.

I can't tell you precisely what we're going to do, because your input and insight are essential to what's next. Your portfolio, references and a track record of scalable work at the useful edge of web and mobile software development is precisely what I'm looking at when choosing the right person.

Here are some key benefits and requirements:

You need to be onsite, in my office outside of NYC. Exceptional pay and benefits. We are focused on philanthropy, social impact and have made a significant commitment to diversity. There are profitable projects on the agenda as well. As a tiny shop, we're obsessed with leverage, not hierarchy. And doing work that matters.

I'm hoping you'll spend five minutes to fill out this simple form. I'll get back to some successful first-round applicants in February to invite you to have a more detailed conversation and application.

Let's change things.

Thanks.

PS I turned off the auto-resume submission feature because it's not that kind of job and we're not seeking someone who wants to apply widely. In fact, I'm mostly looking for people who aren't looking for a job, so it's fine if you don't have a resume handy.
About Seth Godin

Seth Godin is an entrepreneur and author. He started one of the first internet companies (1990) and sold it to Yahoo, and has launched dozens of projects since then. The office is a short walk from the Hastings on Hudson train station and holds three or four people. It's intimate, and we bring our whole selves to work. Hours aren't long, but the guts to ship are required. Free lunch most days.

Diversity is important to us.

Mostly, I hope you'll get the chance to ask someone who as worked here before what it's like and how it can change your work and the trajectory of your career.
